c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\GarazConsola.exe.config
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\GarazConsola.exe
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\GarazConsola.pdb
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\BL.dll
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\DB.dll
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\DB.pdb
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\obj\Debug\GarazConsola.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\obj\Debug\GarazConsola.exe
c:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\obj\Debug\GarazConsola.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\AutoMoq.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz.malinowski\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CARSHISTORY\GarazConsola\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
